# Add vore belly model using decals to affect size

Events for releasing or digesting prey from the prey list window

Random event within a week of lethal vore make so the prey may have a prowess struggle to escape

Replace prison_type with character flag, than use prison_type for womb vs stomach vs bowels vs balls

Investigate using story cycle for safe vore so prey are garunteed release at some random interval. Use random_relation_pred as the prey are still alive at this point

Physician vore, either a treatment description or where you are made incapable for a month but have a higher chance of healing.

Spouse vore events, like devouring a concubine or secondary spouse. Concubine on concubine vore?

Stress break as prey event

select the prey that the actor wants to interact with from the relationship screen, use bigui ll mod for reference

Vore event for conversion of court members

Vore Conversion flavor for convert county
Vore themed priest council role

Delay killing of prey so there is a chance to escape, connected to a global variable so it is optional

Hunt activity with vore events like catching some of your guests voring each other, or being eaten by their target, fatally and non-fatally.

Feast activity with vore events

Vore travel events like a wolf, hyena, bear, tiger, lion, crocodile, or hippo devouring someone.

Perhaps have the player or one of their courtiers try to rescue someone from the stomach of a human or animal.

Give the player the option to help the pred digest their prey or non-lethally tire their prey out by rubbing their belly.

Other feral vore possibilities. Should be a preference option

Maybe someone gets angry your dog or cat ate them or a relative.

County vore modifiers like "Vored wrong person" or "Vored gracefully" or "Digested evil criminal" and such

Battle events for capturing or digesting enemy knights and commanders

Give an artifact away to be eaten in exchange for some bonuses

Steal an artifact vore description

Vore sacrifice 

Vore scheme

Vore duel event, whether it be attempting to swallow someone results in something like a duel, or you can randomly swallow your opponent to finish the fight

Change voreDesc.xxxx to vore_oralDesc so it can be prision_vore_OralDesc.0001

Make so the player can choose to execute a prisoner by vore in addition to lethal and non-lethal interaction choices

Add some plague vore events, specifically for religions that worship vore gods

Add new vore themed men at arms

Add new vore themed faiths to current religions, like norse, bon or heresies

Add new voracious tenet for cultures that increases the chance for vore and capacity.

Random event to turn your pet into a belly pet or digest it after it gets to a certain age.

Caravan Master travel vore event where you can increase safety but delay the trip by riding in the stomach of this courtier for a while

Investigate activities for vore your lover/invite pred/prey events

Investigate siphon treasury vore event where you swallow up the gold

Add toggles for supernatural events, old preds, and feral preds.

Add a view prey interaction that uses an event or story cycle to be able to understand what and where the prey is
