Replace prison_type with character flag, than use prison_type for womb vs stomach vs bowels vs balls

Physician vore, either a treatment description or where you are made incapable for a month but have a higher chance of healing.

Stress break as prey event

Vore event for conversion of court members

Vore Conversion flavor for convert county

Vore themed priest council role

Hunt activity with vore events like catching some of your guests voring each other, or being eaten by their target, fatally and non-fatally.

Feast activity with vore events

Vore travel events like a wolf, hyena, bear, tiger, lion, crocodile, or hippo devouring someone.

Perhaps have the player or one of their courtiers try to rescue someone from the stomach of a human or animal.

Give the player the option to help the pred digest their prey or non-lethally tire their prey out by rubbing their belly.

Other feral vore possibilities. Should be a preference option

Maybe someone gets angry your dog or cat ate them or a relative.

County vore modifiers like "Vored wrong person" or "Vored gracefully" or "Digested evil criminal" and such

Battle events for capturing or digesting enemy knights and commanders

Give an artifact away to be eaten in exchange for some bonuses

Steal an artifact vore description

Vore sacrifice 

Vore scheme

Vore duel events where you can attempt to swallow your opponent to finish the fight

Change voreDesc.xxxx to xxxx_vore.xxxx.desc.

Make so the player can choose to execute a prisoner by vore in addition to the lethal and non-lethal interaction choices

Add some plague vore events, specifically for religions that worship vore gods

Add new vore themed men at arms

Add new vore themed faiths to current religions, like norse, bon or heresies if possible with massive compatibility issues

Add new voracious tenet for cultures that increases the chance for vore and capacity.

Random event to turn your pet into a belly pet or digest it after it gets to a certain age.

Caravan Master travel vore event where you can increase safety but delay the trip by riding in the stomach of this courtier for a while

Investigate using activities for vore your lover/invite pred/prey events

Investigate siphon treasury vore event where you swallow up the gold

Add toggles for supernatural events, old preds, and feral preds.

Supernatural vore disaster where a giant(ess) comes to a county and devours many people. Non-lethal can be where they eventually end going towards australia or the americas.

Bandit vore travel event where a predator_2 or 3 devours your horses. Choose to pay for them, fight, or take a travel speed debuff

Religious vore event for infertile or low fertility characters, where they are unbirthed to give them a fertility boost.